riscv64imac: allow shadow call stack sanitizer (#129316)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/unstable-book/src/compiler-flags/sanitizer.md

# ShadowCallStack

ShadowCallStack provides backward edge control flow protection by storing a function's return address in a separately allocated 'shadow call stack' and loading the return address from that shadow call stack.
To that end, implementation of this sanitizer requires reservation of one of the registers on the target platform.
Software support from the operating system and runtime may be required depending on the target platform which is detailed in the remaining section.

> See the [Clang ShadowCallStack documentation][clang-scs] for more details.

Author: Applied. The wording about the register reservation was indeed a bit ambiguous.

ShadowCallStack can be enabled with `-Zsanitizer=shadow-call-stack` option and is supported on the following targets:

## AArch64 family

> ShadowCallStack requires on this platform ABI reservation of the register `x18` as the instrumentation makes use of this register.
> When `x18` is not reserved on the target AArch64 platform and is availabe as a scratch register, enabling ShadowCallStack leds to undefined behaviour.
> In other words, code that is calling into or called by functions instrumented with ShadowCallStack must reserve the `x18` register or preserve its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ShadowCallStack requires the use of the ABI defined platform register, `x18`, which is required for code generation purposes.
When `x18` is not reserved, and is instead used as a scratch register, enabling ShadowCallStack would lead to undefined behavior, due to corruption of the  return addresses on the SCS or through clobbering the SCS register.
In other words, code that is calling into or called by functions instrumented with ShadowCallStack must reserve the `x18` register or preserve its value.
```

WDYT of this phrasing?

Author: Applied with additional explanation on the source of UB.

### `aarch64-linux-android`

This target already reserves the `x18` register.
A runtime must be provided by the application or operating system.
If `bionic` is used on this target, the software support is provided.
Otherwise, a runtime needs to prepare a memory region and points `x18` to the region which serves as the shadow call stack.

### `aarch64-unknown-none`

In addition to support from a runtime by the application or operating system, the `-Zfixed-x18` flag is also mandatory.

## RISC-V 64 family

ShadowCallStack uses either the `gp` register for software shadow stack, also known as `x3`, or the `ssp` register if [`Zicfiss`][riscv-zicfiss] extension is available.
`gp`/`x3` is currently always reserved and available for ShadowCallStack instrumentation, and `ssp` in case of `Zicfiss` is only accessible through its dedicated shadow stack instructions.

Support from the runtime and operating system is required when `gp`/`x3` is used for software shadow stack.
A runtime must prepare a memory region and point `gp`/`x3` to the region before executing the code.

The following targets support ShadowCallStack.

* `riscv64imac-unknown-none-elf`

> * `riscv64gc-unknown-none-elf`

Reviewer: you could include Fuchsia here as well.

Author: Added
